01. Assessing need for medication-assisted treatment for opiate-dependent prison inmates.
02. A latent class analysis of alcohol abuse and dependence symptoms among Puerto Rican youth.
03. Differential gender effects of depression on use of HIV medications among HIV-positive Puerto Rican drug users.
04. Prevalence of HCV risk behaviors among prison inmates: tattooing and injection drug use.
05. HIV-related risk behaviors among a sample of men who have sex with men in Puerto Rico: an overview of substance use and sexual practices.
06. Developmental trajectories of marijuana use from adolescence to adulthood: personality and social role outcomes.
07. Developmental associations between externalizing behaviors, peer delinquency, drug use, perceived neighborhood crime, and violent behavior in urban communities.
08. Polydrug use and attempted suicide among Hispanic adolescents in Puerto Rico.
09. Xylazine (veterinary sedative) use in Puerto Rico.
10. Unhealthy substance-use behaviors as symptom-related self-care in persons with HIV/AIDS.
11. HIV risk and prevention among Hispanic immigrants in New York: the salience of diversity.
12. A three-generational study of risk factors for childhood externalizing behavior among African Americans and Puerto Ricans.
13. Is the Puerto Rican racer, Alsophis portoricensis, really harmless? A case report series.
14. Needle sharing among Puerto Rican injection drug users in Puerto Rico and Massachusetts: place of birth and residence matter.
15. The validity of drug use responses in a household survey in Puerto Rico: comparison of survey responses with urinalysis.
16. Report of the thirty-third annual meeting of the Neurobehavioral Teratology Society, 2009.
17. High-risk drug use and sexual behaviors among out-of-treatment drug users: an aging and life course perspective.
18. Gender comparisons of factors associated with drug treatment utilization among Puerto Rican drug users.
19. Pilot trial of an intervention aimed at modifying drug preparation practices among injection drug users in Puerto Rico.
20. Biculturality and HIV-risk behaviors among Puerto Rican drug users in New York City.
21. Substance use and behaviour disorders in Puerto Rican youth: a migrant family study.
22. Migrant drug users: predictors of HIV-related sexual and injection risk behaviors.
23. Sex risk behaviors of drug users: a dual site study of predictors over time.
24. Profile of Puerto Rican HIV/AIDS patients with early and non-early initiation of injection drug use.
25. Earlier violent television exposure and later drug dependence.
26. Peer norms and sharing of injection paraphernalia among Puerto Rican injection drug users in New York and Puerto Rico.
27. Severity of alcohol use and problem behaviors among school-based youths in Puerto Rico.
28. GC-MS confirmation of xylazine (Rompun), a veterinary sedative, in exchanged needles.
29. Gender differences in drug use and sexual risk behaviors among non-injecting heroin users in Puerto Rico.
30. Puerto Rican injection drug users: Prevention implications in Massachusetts and Puerto Rico.
31. Psychiatric comorbidity and acculturation stress among Puerto Rican substance abusers.
32. Predictors of injection drug use cessation among Puerto Rican drug injectors in New York and Puerto Rico.
33. Patterns of substance use onset among Hispanics in Puerto Rico and the United States.
34. Association between psychiatric disorders and smoking stages within a representative clinic sample of Puerto Rican adolescents.
35. Do specialized services exist for LGBT individuals seeking treatment for substance misuse? A study of available treatment programs.
36. Severe anxiety symptomatology and HIV risk behavior among Hispanic injection drug users in Puerto Rico.
37. Prevalence and correlates of hepatitis C virus infection among street-recruited injection drug users in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
38. A comparative study of mortality among Puerto Rican injection drug users in East Harlem, New York, and Bayamon, Puerto Rico.
39. Gender disparities in mental health service use of Puerto Rican children and adolescents.
40. HIV/AIDS: Latin America & Caribbean. Puerto Rico: rich port, poor port.
41. A longitudinal study of syringe acquisition by Puerto Rican injection drug users in New York and Puerto Rico: implications for syringe exchange and distribution programs.
42. An exploratory qualitative study of polydrug use histories among recently initiated injection drug users in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
43. Isla evangelista-a story of church and state: Puerto Rico's faith-based initiatives in drug treatment.
44. Social support and HIV-related injection risk among Puerto Rican migrant and nonmigrant injection drug users recruited in New York City.
45. Association between parental and individual psychiatric/substance use disorders and smoking stages among Puerto Rican adolescents.
46. Morbidity and mortality profile of human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients with and without hepatitis C co-infection.
47. Drug treatment disparities among Hispanic drug-using women in Puerto Rico and New York City.
48. Methadone maintenance in prison: evaluation of a pilot program in Puerto Rico.
- 2 -
49. A comparison of the sociodemographic, risk-behavior, and substance-abuse profile of young vs older HIV-infected Puerto Rican patients.
50. Elicitation of salient beliefs related to drug preparation practices among injection drug users in Puerto Rico.
51. HIV transmission behaviors in jail/prison among puerto rican drug injectors in New York and Puerto Rico.
52. Homelessness and HIV risk behaviors among drug injectors in Puerto Rico.
53. Injecting shared drugs: an observational study of the process of drug acquisition, preparation, and injection by Puerto Rican drug users.
54. Egocentric HIV risk networks among Puerto Rican crack users in New York and in Puerto Rico: impact on sex risk behaviors over time.
55. The epidemiology of alcohol, marijuana, and cocaine use among Mexican American, Puerto Rican, Cuban American, and other Latin American eighth-grade students in the United States: 1991-2002.
56. Discriminant efficiency of antisocial and borderline personality disorder criteria in Hispanic men with substance use disorders.
57. Accessing hard-to-reach populations: the illicit drug market as a workplace of the outreach worker in Puerto Rico.
58. Factors associated with drug treatment dropout among injection drug users in Puerto Rico.
59. Drug treatment, health, and social service utilization by substance abusing women from a community-based sample.
60. HIV risk behaviors and alcohol intoxication among injection drug users in Puerto Rico.
61. Remission from drug dependence symptoms and drug use cessation among women drug users in puerto rico.
62. Substance use among school-based youths in Puerto Rico: differences between gender and grade levels.
63. Effects of combined counseling and case management to reduce HIV risk behaviors among Hispanic drug injectors in Puerto Rico: a randomized controlled study.
64. Smoking among New Yorican adolescents: time 1 predictors of time 2 tobacco use.
65. Changing profiles of injecting drug users with AIDS in a Hispanic population.
66. Illicit drug use and risky sexual behavior among African American and Puerto Rican urban adolescents: the longitudinal links.
67. Longitudinal studies of Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) in Thailand and Puerto Rico: blood feeding frequency.
68. STUDENTJAMA. Faith-based treatment for addiction in Puerto Rico.
69. Heterogeneity among Latinas and Latinos entering substance abuse treatment: findings from a national database.
70. Understanding hard-core drug use among urban Puerto Rican women in high-risk neighborhoods.
71. Mortality among Hispanic drug users in Puerto Rico.
72. The utility of the PRECEDE model in predicting HIV risk behaviors among Puerto Rican injection drug users.
73. Perspectives related to the potential use of vaginal microbicides among drug-involved women: focus groups in three cities in the United States and Puerto Rico.
74. Determinants of health care use among Puerto Rican drug users in Puerto Rico and New York City.
75. Puerto Rican drug users experiences of physical and sexual abuse: comparisons based on sexual identities.
76. The use of the Puerto Rican Biculturality Scale with Puerto Rican drug users in New York and Puerto Rico.
77. Identification of the people from whom engorged Aedes aegypti took blood meals in Florida, Puerto Rico, using polymerase chain reaction-based DNA profiling.
78. The association of lead-contaminated house dust and blood lead levels of children living on a former landfill in Puerto Rico.
79. Prevalence and correlates of DSM-IV substance use disorders in Puerto Rico.
80. [War on Drugs or War against Health? The pitfalls for public health of Puerto Rican drug policy].
81. Migration and HIV risk behaviors: Puerto Rican drug injectors in New York City and Puerto Rico.
82. Integrating qualitative and quantitative methods: comparing HIV-related risk behaviors among Puerto Rican drug users in Puerto Rico and New York.
83. Drug-scene roles and HIV risk among Puerto Rican injection drug users in East Harlem, New York and Bayamón, Puerto Rico.
84. Tobacco, alcohol, and illicit drug use: racial and ethnic differences among U.S. high school seniors, 1976-2000.
85. The validity of drug use self-reports among hard core drug users in a household survey in Puerto Rico: comparison of survey responses of cocaine and heroin use with hair tests.
86. Recommendations for prevention and management of fire ant infestation of health care facilities.
87. Early adolescent marijuana use: risks for the transition to young adulthood.
88. Survival of AIDS according to injecting drug use among Puerto Rican AIDS patients.
89. HCV genotype analysis in HCV-HIV-co-infected Puerto Ricans who are injecting drug users: undetermined and mixed infections.
90. Residential status and HIV risk behaviors among Puerto Rican drug injectors in New York and Puerto Rico.
91. The validity of drug use responses in a household survey in Puerto Rico: comparison of survey responses of cocaine and heroin use with hair tests.
92. Lowering HIV risk among ethnic minority drug users: comparing culturally targeted intervention to a standard intervention.
93. Between-city variation in frequency of injection among Puerto Rican injection drug users: East Harlem, New York, and Bayamon, Puerto Rico.
94. Prevalence and correlates of substance use disorders among older adolescents in Puerto Rico and the United States: a cross-cultural comparison.
95. Trends in HIV seroprevalence and needle sharing among Puerto Rican drug injectors in Puerto Rico and New York: 1992-1999.
96. Drug-involved women as potential users of vaginal microbicides for HIV and STD prevention: a three-city survey.
97. Personality and psychopathology of drug addicts in Puerto Rico.
98. [Descriptive study of animal attacks and bites in the municipality of San Juan, Puerto Rico, 1996-1998].
99. Poison prevention counseling: a comparison between family practitioners and pediatricians.
100. The Spanish Alcohol Use Disorder and Associated Disabilities Interview Schedule (AUDADIS): reliability and concordance with clinical diagnoses in a Hispanic population.
101. Drug use, AIDS knowledge, and HIV risk behaviors of Cuban-, Mexican-, and Puerto-Rican-born drug injectors who are recent entrants into the United States.
102. The street/treatment barrier: treatment experiences of Puerto Rican injection drug users.
103. Mothering through addiction: a survival strategy among Puerto Rican addicts.
104. The risks for late adolescence of early adolescent marijuana use.
105. Prevalence and correlates of anergy among drug users in Puerto Rico.
106. Syringe and needle exchange as HIV/AIDS prevention for injection drug users in Puerto Rico.
107. Estimated HIV risk among Hispanics in a national sample of drug users.
108. The relationship between the profile of severity of addiction and the retention of patients in the ambulatory program of DDTP.
109. The moderating effects of gender and ethnicity on the relationship between effect expectancies and alcohol problems.
110. Traditionalism in the prevention of substance misuse among Puerto Ricans.
111. Factors associated with changes in sex behaviour among drug users in Puerto Rico.
112. A comparison of the nutritional status and food security of drug-using and non-drug-using Hispanic women in Hartford, Connecticut.
113. Drug use and HIV risks among African-American, Mexican-American, and Puerto Rican drug injectors.
114. A cluster analysis of not-in-treatment drug users at risk for HIV infection.
- 3 -
115. HIV, AIDS, and other health risks: findings from a multisite study--an introduction.
116. Women's drug use and HIV risk: findings from NIDA's Cooperative Agreement for Community-Based Outreach/Intervention Research Program.
117. Risk behaviors, HIV seropositivity, and tuberculosis infection in injecting drug users who operate shooting galleries in Puerto Rico.
118. Similar and different precursors to drug use and delinquency among African Americans and Puerto Ricans.
119. The heroin epidemic in New York City: current status and prognoses.
120. Psycho social and clinical spectrum of HIV/AIDS injecting drug users in Bayamón, Puerto Rico.
121. Pattern of injecting drug uses and HIV-1 infection: analysis from needle exchange program.
122. African-American and Puerto Rican drug use: a longitudinal study.
123. [Internal and external environment of the Puerto Rican adolescent in the use of alcohol, drugs and violence].
124. Epidemiology of self-reported past heavy drinking in Hispanic adults.
125. Drug use and delinquency: shared and unshared risk factors in African American and Puerto Rican adolescents.
126. Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection among crack and injection drug users in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
127. Risk factors for shooting gallery use among drug injectors in Puerto Rico.
128. Crack use in Puerto Rico: evidence of a recent epidemic.
129. Behavioral effects of receiving HIV test results among injecting drug users in Puerto Rico.
130. The self-generated alcohol expectancies of Puerto Rican drinkers and abstainers.
131. Comorbidity and boundaries of affective disorders with anxiety disorders and substance misuse: results of an international task force.
132. From the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Continued sexual risk behavior among HIV-seropositive, drug-using men--1993.
133. 1995 Bailey K. Ashford lecture. Public health lessons from two catastrophic epidemics: the toxic oil syndrome and the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome.
134. Continued sexual risk behavior among HIV-seropositive, drug-using men--Atlanta; Washington, D.C.; and San Juan, Puerto Rico, 1993.
135. Effects of HIV testing and counseling on reducing HIV risk behavior among two ethnic groups.
136. A descriptive-exploratory study of outcome and some biopsychosocial characteristics of drug dependent veterans in Puerto Rico.
137. Diagnostic and referral reliability in an alcoholism treatment network.
138. Smokers' baseline characteristics in the COMMIT trial.
139. [Injecting yourself in a healthy manner].
140. Prospective effects of perceived risk of developing HIV/AIDS on risk behaviors among injection drug users in Puerto Rico.
141. The political economy of resistance and self-destruction in the crack economy. An ethnographic perspective.
142. Effects of a community outreach program in HIV risk behaviors among injection drug users in San Juan, Puerto Rico: an analysis of trends.
143. A comparison of drug use networks across three cities.
144. Psychosocial correlates of drug use among Puerto Rican youth: generational status differences.
145. An evaluation of drug injection behaviors and HIV infection. National AIDS Research Consortium.
146. Behavioural risk factors and HIV infection of injection drug users at detoxification clinics in Puerto Rico.
147. HIV/AIDS risk perception, HIV risk behaviors, and HIV seropositivity among injection drug users in Puerto Rico.
148. HIV risk factors among injecting drug users in five US cities.
149. Aging and generational patterns of alcohol consumption among Mexican Americans, Cuban Americans and mainland Puerto Ricans.
150. Cycad (Zamia puertoriquensis) toxicosis in a group of dairy heifers in Puerto Rico.
151. Knowledge for use: anthropology and community-centered substance abuse research.
152. HIV risk behaviors and HIV seropositivity among young injection drug users.
153. Effects of a HIV risk reduction education program among injection drug users in Puerto Rico.
154. Human immunodeficiency virus infection and risk behaviors among injection drug users in four Puerto Rican communities.
155. Incarceration history as a risk factor for HIV infection among Puerto Rican injection drug users.
156. Vulnerabilities and cultural change: drug use among Puerto Rican adolescents in the United States.
157. Drug abuse and illicit drug use in Puerto Rico.
158. Integrating mainstream and subcultural explanations of drug use among Puerto Rican youth.
159. Interactional theory: its utility in explaining drug use behavior among African-American and Puerto Rican youth.
160. Findings from the Horizontes Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome Education project: the impact of indigenous outreach workers as change agents for injection drug users.
161. Racial differences in sexual behaviors related to AIDS in a nineteen-city sample of street-recruited drug injectors. NADR Consortium.
162. African-American and Puerto Rican drug use: personality, familial, and other environmental risk factors.
163. Sequences of drug involvement in African-American and Puerto Rican adolescents.
164. Changes in HIV risk behaviors among intravenous drug users in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
165. Behavioral risk factors and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) prevalence among intravenous drug users in Puerto Rico.
166. Why does Juan García have a drinking problem? The perspective of critical medical anthropology.
167. HIV risk and prior drug treatment among Puerto Rican intravenous drug users.
168. Mercury contamination in Puerto Rico: the Ciudad Cristiana experience.
169. Building skills of recovering women drug users to reduce heterosexual AIDS transmission.
170. Children of alcoholic parents in the community.
171. Hispanics in Chicago: chemical dependency and the law.
172. Substance abuse, post-traumatic stress, and ethnicity.
173. Acculturation and marijuana and cocaine use: findings from HHANES 1982-84.
174. AIDS risk behavior patterns among intravenous drug users in Puerto Rico and the United States.
175. Use of psychoactive drugs for nontherapeutic reasons by pharmacy students in Puerto Rico.
176. Domestic mercury pollution.
177. Prognostic factors in patients with IVDA and bacteremia.
178. Alcoholism--North America and Asia. A comparison of population surveys with the Diagnostic Interview Schedule.
179. Social relations and empowerment of sexual partners of i.v. drug users.
180. [Julia de Burgos' subjectivity and praxis: an approach to the social creation of her health].
181. Factors in mortality by drug dependence among Puerto Ricans in New York City.
182. The Puerto Rican intravenous drug user.
183. A naturalistic analytic study of veterans using naltrexone in Puerto Rico.
184. Drug use among Puerto Rican youth: an exploration of generational status differences.
185. Longevity among ethnic groups in alcoholic liver disease.
186. Substance abuse policies and programs at U.S. medical schools.
187. Substance abuse units taught by four specialties in medical schools and residency programs.
188. Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin, a marker for chronic alcohol consumption in different ethnic populations.
189. [Alcohol and drug abuse in Puerto Rico: progress toward the national objectives of health for 1990 (X)].
190. Cultural influences and alcoholism: a study of Puerto Ricans.
191. Intravenous drug abusers and the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). Demographic, drug use, and needle-sharing patterns.
192. [Human exposure to animal rabies in Puerto Rico, 1980-1983].
193. Streptococcal foodborne outbreaks--Puerto Rico, Missouri.
194. Indigenous treatment for alcoholism: the case of Puerto Rican spiritism.
195. Dealing, demoralization and addiction: heroin in the Chicago Puerto Rican community.
196. Community-acquired opportunistic infections and defective cellular immunity in heterosexual drug abusers and homosexual men.
197. [Magnitude and impact of the use and abuse of drugs in Puerto Rico].
198. Botulism from acidic food: first cases of botulinic paralysis in Puerto Rico.
199. First cases of botulinic paralysis in Puerto Rico.
200. Rehabilitation of the Puerto Rican addict: a cultural perspective.
201. The cultural context of drinking and indigenous therapy for alcohol problems in three migrant Hispanic cultures. An ethnographic report.
202. A study of professed reasons for beginning and continuing heroin use.
203. Consultation to a Puerto Rican drug abuse program.
204. Drug use among public and private secondary school students in Puerto Rico.
205. Cultural implications in treating the Puerto Rican female.
206. Parental correlates of drug use among young Puerto Rican adults.
207. Reflections on the epidemiology of heroin and narcotic addiction from the perspective of treatment data.
208. [Socioepidemiological factors of drug use among students of secondary schools of Puerto Rico].
209. The epidemiology of drug abuse: current issues. Non-survey techniques--sub-cultural groups.
210. Heroin overdose on the rise again? (toxicology of morphine).
211. [Outbreak of staphylococcal infection in an airplane].
212. Poisoning in children.
213. Proceedings: Minorities and alcohol/drug abuse.
214. Sudden drop in alcohol and drug related traffic deaths in Puerto Rico - 1974.
215. Abnormal liver function and elevated hemoglobins in heroin addicts.
216. Parental failure and consequences for children. The drug-abusing mother whose children are in foster care.
217. Study of methadone terminations.
218. [Alcohol and alcoholism].
219. Involvement in a drug subculture and abstinence following treatment among Puerto Rican narcotic addicts.
220. Alcoholism and violent death.
221. Narcotic addiction in New York City: trends from 1968 to mid-1973.
222. Patterns and causes of drug addiction among Puerto Rican females.
223. Patterns of multiple drug abuse: 1969-1971.
224. Influence of alcohol on traffic deaths in Puerto Rico 1972.
225. Low birth weight of infants associated with maternal heroin use: New York City, 1966-67 and 1970-71.
226. Age of drug use and the transition from school to work.
227. Deaths of narcotic addicts in New York City in 1971: those reported to be using methadone.
228. The use of doriden by young male heroin addicts.
229. A psychobehavioral residential drug abuse program: a new adventure in adolescent psychiatry.
230. Private methadone maintenance. Analysis of a program after one year.
231. [The pedestrian and the drunk driver in Puerto Rico (1970)].
232. Lead paint exposure in migrant labor camps.
233. Lead poisoning.
234. Facotrs related to cure of opiate addiction among Puerto Rican addicts.
235. Differential patterns of drug abuse among white activists and nonwhite militant college students.
236. A clinical study of an epidemic of heroin intoxication and heroin-induced pulmonary edema.
237. Alcohol and its effects on man.
238. The drunk pedestrian and driver on our highways in Puerto Rico (1970).
239. The use of the Narcotics Register for follow-up of a cohort of adolescent addicts.
240. Knowledge is neither neutral nor apolitical. Deschin CS.
241. General guide to the diagnosis and treatment of poisonings.
242. Patterns of poisoning in Puerto Rico.
243. [Prevention of accidental poisoning].
244. Help for the addict.
245. Workshop on the detection and control of abuse of narcotics, barbiturates, and amphetamines; San Juan, Puerto Rico, December 13-15, 1965.
246. Alcoholism in Puerto Rico.
247. Parent-child cultural disparity and drug addiction
